OUYA
Hi Internet
Bob Mills here, your OUYA games guy
coming back to explore some cool games with
you.
Last week we visited Bomb Squad and Knightmare
Tower.
This week, we've got a couple more
plus a bonus video game.
We reached out to you guys on Facebook,
and the overwhelming response was, "More games!"
So we've got a bonus game for you.
Speaking of outreach, let's go ahead and check
out some of the cool stuff we're hearing.
"More games."
"More Stan."
"Dubwars!
"More gameplay less talking."
"Stan is awesome."
"I want to punch Bob in the face."
I guess we should make me punching you in
the face.
That'll be like a hit of all times.
Think so?
Yah it would be both more Stan and punch Bob
in the face.
Yeah.
We should make a game like that.
Okay.
Stan punching Bob in the face.
You would use your controller...
Okay.
I didn't mean it that way.
No, you know, it's whatever man.
So let's just jump right in.
The first game I'd like to take a look at
is called Dubwars.
So, Dubwars is a dubstep, rhythm based, dual-stick
shooting game.
You command a translucent, sort of, micro-spaceship
traveling along a printed circuit board.
And your laser is powered by the sounds of
the music that's playing.
At high points in the game you might be firing
off a ton of lasers at once and then when
the song kind of calms down and hits a valley
that becomes a little more challenging.
To a point where, at some quiet parts of a
song, you won't have any lasers shooting at
all and so therein lies the challenge.
Next I'd like to take a look at Deep Dungeons
of Doom.
This is a game by Bossa Studios.
You are a dungeon crawler.
Pretty cool 8-bit style game with some pretty
sweet animation, rhythm-based fighting with
some blocks and attacks involved, lots of
leveling up, items to find, different characters
to explore, just a pretty fun game.
Lastly, let's check out Save the Puppies.
You play a momma wiener dog whose saving her
puppies.
Not only super cute, it's super fun too.
Among eating hot dogs to grow in length, you
can also do other cute things like bark on
command and you can also collect bones, manipulate
cats and other dogs in the yard all to save
your puppies.
There are some games you can check out on
OUYA when you get your console.
If you haven't got it yet, just hang in there.
We'll get it to you as soon as possible.
We've been ramping up so a lot of OUYAs are
either arriving on doorsteps or are on their
way.
If you have any questions or would like to
see a different game in the future episodes,
let me know.
Happy belated Mother's Day to all the moms
out there in the Internet, including my mom.
Happy Mother's Day, Mom.
Until next time, Internet.
OUYA!